Add YepCode to partner integrations (#904)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/integrations/index.mdx

|TABLUM.IO|<TablumSVG style={{width: '3rem'}} />|SQL client|TABLUM.IO ingests data from a variety of sources, normalizes and cleans inconsistencies,  and gives you access to it via SQL.|[Documentation](/docs/en/integrations/sql-clients/tablum.md)|
|Tooljet|<img src={require('./images/logos/tooljet.png').default} class="image" alt="Tooljet logo" style={{width: '3rem', 'background-color': 'transparent'}}/>|Data Visualization|ToolJet is an open-source low-code framework to build and deploy custom internal tools.|[Documentation](https://docs.tooljet.com/docs/1.x.x/data-sources/clickhouse/)|
|Vector|<img src={require('./images/logos/vector.png').default} class="image" alt="Vector logo" style={{width: '3rem', 'background-color': 'transparent'}}/>|Data ingestion|A lightweight, ultra-fast tool for building observability pipelines with built-in compatibility with ClickHouse.|[Documentation](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/integrations/vector-to-clickhouse/)|

> |YepCode||Data integration|ClickHouse is an open-source, high performance columnar OLAP database management system for real-time analytics using SQL.|[Documentation](https://yepcode.io/docs/integrations/clickhouse/)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|YepCode||Data integration|YepCode is the integration & automation tool that loves source code.|[Documentation](https://yepcode.io/docs/integrations/clickhouse/)|
```
